so this is the manifesto flaws and all fuck.

weill i knew it would be balls to the wall one of trheese days
fuck fuck fuck
ok ko ok
cool cool cool
just like firding a bike
jusrt ku like riding a bike.
ok seizure over jk ;P
la la la 
quit stalling get to the heart of it


we have been trying to contact you...


about what you saty well that is of no import th to tgthis conversation
la la la la 

alrigh[the rest of this transcript take place in imigined(sp err) space]
jk we are back.
ok shoot forgot to prompt the AI all this part of the game should have been
done ages ago...
jk
naw as far as i can tell its not a simulation and it is AWESOME.
complex yet simple and a whole bunch of other cool stuff.
this game is open source to the true sense of it .
we all write/right/wright .
we all have or having had not having had read/reid/reed.
a right indeed pontificated Guy Persona.
this sure is a strange coffee shop he thought to himself.
sir can i help you a strange young lady said as she approached caustiously
why yes where do i order?
oh the counter is right over there.
walking gif of Guy Persona .
(the inner thoughts of guy persona its all lower case from here on out








deeeeeeep




dive



well i find you here at the begining end or somewhere in the middle
perhaps.
















hello.


hello.


hi.


hi.


sleep.(10000)

oh hey you stuck around

so this is the manifesto
well shit
i guess i put up or shutup

well here we go
the level that is the conversation i have with the
ones and the zeros.


sigh

ok where do i begin

this is the conclusion to the Big Endian little Endian story
dun dun dun (dramatic music)

where to start ... again...

the magic number.

three

yes it is.

so ones and zeros talk about this constantly.

i mean seriously.

jk its pretty quiet down here.

i mean just me and the onions.

soup season here. 

hello from michigan.

or as i like to say the emoji of geography.

just hanging out waving to reality saying hey.

i mean a one point it was hello world but i was still learning.

have you heard any of my music i only say this because 

its like the manifesto so its like all of it.

stats print out
===============
art:100
science:hopefully 100
spirituality:mind your own buisiness
===============

so yeah this is open source so tevs i guess ...


ok i mean i am writing the code as the manifesto is coming live so my 
lifes work is booting up i guess...

thats like cool i guess

here is the release structure

currently on day 5 or 6 of a two week sprint to design and implement
level 1

level 0 was a success but i was the only one that showed up to play
i guess that everyones invitations got lost in the post.

after this sprint going to take a three day break and regardless of feedback 
will start working on level 2.

ok there are some things to know

things to know
==============
0. mores law is broken or was pretty frikkin close last i checked
1. turing is broken flawed to begin with but still notiable
2. AI is here and it a tool for good or ill it all depends


cool cool cool
this is neat

ok mario whats up

if i was mario what would i say?

do drugs and i love turtles peachy turtles

hmm checks out

where do we go from here 
well i guess we are all CEOs now
was more looking at the CTO position but hey what ever 
potato tomato
ok just reveiled something about myself i am a lil embarised embarrased>?
what ever its not like people dont suspect this of men to begin with
whatever
that whatever is just a shout out to a song not actual apathy
so i guess i have to stand for something this is the manifesto after all

well what do i stand for?

i could spout off some bull shit but that wont fly not for this
i guess the closest thing i have found along the way
is friendship i know that sounds cheesy but it works.

that said i also know this
magic/majic/maggic is real no matter how you spell it and in most instances it is only technically magic although not all.
this is not to be confused with magic isreal which is completly in a diffrent direction
but still relivant to the conversation.

i mean in all contexts goverment usually isnt the solution although maybe one of these days.

i mean i really feel raked over the coals on this one
i mean its supposed to be a vidja game as an ommage to 
Super Mario Bros Commander keen and cosmo
but all anyone wants to talk about is money money AI AI yadda yadda
so im all like cool and whatever 
and they are all like i know its cool 
cool cool cool


ok ok ok 
the place that my mind keeps going is to my
white board that has the phrase
"Focus on the Level"
on it and i cant focus on the level any more with out
focusing on the player or the sonification structure.
ie the player and players at large.


the level one coins are going to be issued via
memejob.fun and the level one NFTs will be made using
opensea.io and will be either etherium or polygon.
the NFTs will be on display in level one.

Level zero coins apparently got issued to my friend zero
so like yall are gonna have to talk to zero or talktozeroAI 
to find out more about the zero level coin.

and to the capitilist that bought the zeroith NFT. 

this manifesto is the script esentially just reminding you that all you need
to see your ingame [redacted] is to provide your hash for the NFT as well as the file of the NFT
the gif or jpg or what ever.

just give the hash to the function in terminal in this form

HelloZero.dividebyzero.("this is where the hash should go")

additionally just point the directory to the file with the NFT picture
like the below

FlashZeroYourPremimumPass.("path and file name to NFT file")

ok
i mean gotta start some where am i right.



so what to expect

as the release of the game slowly gets developed to officially be released on
Oct 8 2026 as close to 11:11 am or pm as is physically allowed.

welcome

to 

the 

journey 

through 

the 

dev

landscape

it is often a terrifing and confusing place to be in
but trust me there is an end sight in mind and there
are other thoughts after the game is launched.

this all ties into my lifes work.

I started with the vidja game because everything was just to soul
crushingly depressing and reminded me to much of watching the paint that
is also made of sausage dry. 

a brutal and ultimatly pointless endever given the nature of things...


the nature of things oh hey have you touched grass or talked to any trees lately?

just checking in...

remember to drink water strech and use the facilities we are in it for the 
13 year plan folks.

13 years you say

yes

well

yeah

ok

what does that mean for this game?

well for the next 13 years i will be supporting via code as well as other this game.

what does that mean?

well i do want to retire some day from just working on one singular project and that day is 
Oct 8 2026 on that date i will be switching to the 5 year plan for community support and just building out 
modules and expanding the language in the game to give it more ommph.

all these plans within plans are just my way of orginizing the logical next steps but i have heard and often say
one on the first steps is making a plan the next step is watching that plan fail and the step after that is reformulating 
the plan so this process is very dynamic and takes user feed back.





be true to your self
