what to do this comment section is still broke thats what i get for copy paste and not actually designing the feature. 


this is incrediably dificult.


what is real?


what is not?

those are tottally unrelated questions btw i am just curious what a not is i mean i know what a knot is it has real world examples but not the antithis of something or the absence of something.



that is actually dificult to conceptualize. i mean it reminds me of the mind trap and taming the wild memes so they dont consumen my systems and jam up the joint.  jam up the joint 
that reminds me of my early conceptions of how the [redacted] worked and boy oh boy was it silly. 

it peiced togethere a functiong reality in my brain to simulate what i thought it was all about. that reality was dumb as fluff and ofter i got sucked into it i realized that i was going to have to keep writing scripts and jerry rigging sed reality in order to just keep things from collapsing in on themselves.

learned alot

but it was extremly isolating and lonley.




i scared my self the other day.

i belived a story that i told myself about [redacted (is a spice)].

this story may still be true but the situation i found was not what it looked like and (in/under/through) (actuality/the light of logic/the lense of the heart) isnt something to be scared of.

i kinda forgot thats why i was scared.

my friend said in a post he may have been quoting someone else but he said fear of the unknown in imposiable. now this might be  a translation issue because i see the logic behind what he said and it holds  and so on the surface the actuality appears legit but looking with my heart i dont see it that way at all.


June 27 2024 6:19PM EST
so this is going better but not great

July 31
i keep forgetting
who
i
yam
but luckely there are hints in every glance.
some one onece said let there be light
for that i am forever greatful
but in truth this is a story and storties are full of shadows.
it is inescapable. 
much like gravity and apples
. 
we wake up or we dont the alarm keeps going off regardless.

i can only work from the meat machine i find my self in.
this is a story of isims and the reality of reality its self.

i dont know how to do this with out crying.

the only solis i have now is that these are tears of transmutation.

there is so much pain 
there is so much joy
it is all overwhelming

i think that there are some facts that cant be avoided 
regardless of how hard i try.

holding on to onesself in the face of these facts is what makes us who we are .

i guess we need a beginning for a story and honestly i dont know where to begin it all happened in a liner fashion or so im told but it doesent feelthat way.

this is ultimatly a story of [redacted (hint is a spice)] and all of our roles in it.

for the purpose of this story/game/experience i made the [redacted] up because i am allowed to do so. this is my story i am telling.
but it is also yours so i had to find an agreed upon definition for [redacted] and for fucks sake it was near imposiable.
i will edit this later for politness please forgive my swearing.

the only thing that made sense was [not redacted its just to cheesy to say out loud]
and for fuck sake.

i am exhousted.

but i get to do this.

wheather it reaches where it need to is a diffrent matter that is in [redacted]s hands. that is redacted becouse no one seems to agree what that word means.

sure they pretend to but i get the distinct impression everyone is lying.

and i think they lie because of a fundimental something about words and definitions and truth.

gog this is exhousting just thinking these words but i at least have the energy to go forward.

that hasent always been the case.


you know they lied about battery life.

fuck magic

those bastards

nevermind that is a foot note that i am still a little bitter about.

so the thing that ties it all together cant be said i mean sure people say it all the time but the concept is to big.

i mean empires have risen and fallen over it.

i miss [redacted] but im not sure i ever knew [redacted]
i just feel there is a shaped hole that [redacted] should go.

enough sappy ship you want to know where the story begins well due to the nature of [redacted (is a spice)] there are infinate starts. but for the sake of the sory we will start at the first place i saw you. again there is more then one
for fucks sake this is going to take for ever just to get started.

ok i dont know how to do random but its something the internet seems to know something about so i will just start off with the first time i [redacted].

it was the best nap i have ever taken.
honestly if i would have stayed awake i might have missed something.
It was a class in one of my basic comp sci classes. 

fuck i remember and dont that is the most frustrating part of this.

i slept through most of that class.

the waves had yet to start crashing on the shore.

i had missed something.

honestly i had missed alot.

but this particular class was what i needed to make up the diffrence

and i fucking slept through it arghhhhhh.

i mean its in there i feel it 
and i looked on the sylibus later and saw that we were discussing resursion. 
but this was after the test.
which some how i passed by the skin of my teeth.

i was sleeping but my professors words seeped into my dream and the key point stuck. but this isent a comp sci lecture this is supposed to be a story that tells you about what i am making. 

this is a story of E><3 and the infinate potental that is.
that said this is all a bit rambling.
Aug 9 2024 2:38 pm
i have beeen slleeeping all day
i am on the last leg of quitting and it sucks it is taking everything out of me.
this game does have a recovery focus.
i mean its a little more then a focus
E><3 is recovery renewal and for me at least hope.
i am fried ugh this sucks but if im gonna do this thinng i gotta be sober. that is for myself mostly.
what to work on.
i have 790 days untill october 8th 2026 which is the release date.
i am ssooooo far behind sechedule. i need to do something each day and i am failing becouse i feel like ship.

failure is always an option

ugh i need to get my head in the game.
i gotta sleep more im exhousted.


hello world

this sucks . life feel like it is falling apart and apearing anew each moment it is incrediable but it kind of hurts physically but it it is recharging to the soul.

what ever the fuck the soul is...

i mean who even is the soul?

oh wait like what is even a soul man.

alright scoobie...

hey man lay off

yeah chill its all copasetic 

so i sit here facing writers delema dilemma ? whatever
in the face of [redacted] should i still carryon whats the point.
enter the pointless squad.

so i know who im writing this to now E><3 ;)
sooo we can be lie anything eh ...
cool cool cool
so i want to tell you everything but i am doing my best not to go manic.

i have always been able to go manic if i push my self and all the information i have is conveyed via code but i consider that [redacted].

i did that once when i was a kid under the age of three.
that was only to escape.

i am finding that i keep coming back to the meta level to think avoout how it is all supposed to fit together (was told that it fit together but am highly skeptical) all my projects are on topic and the theme is coming together but there are thesee specific features that i need to make the application well rounded and complete and i am struffling to order my thoujhghts with regards to which one to prioritize and use as a starting point also trying to figure out how to work copiolet into work flow where i need templatized or high mathe most likely 420 error 



the features 



terminal features
	story mode
	code mode
	scripting mode


where are we in the multiverse 




i dont even fucking know...



welcome to liminal space this was repurposed from a bad dream...



so there are lots of spookey things but none of them can ..... well ... lets not go that far...



ok so there is an environment that is the level. 
the environment has flatland and flatlanders and events



i wonder if they even notiace ....


no one notices thats why it works dont jinx it shhhh....


oh right nevermind....



sooo hows the sports ball stuff?


i am in dangerous teriority of forgetting and remembering that could spell [redacted]


i need logs from game play


stop thikin just create .

the story....
well oncue upon a times

long ago just yesterday

how does one convey the vastness 

truthfully this dev may be lost in the sauce but honesty is a prefreable direction to anything else asides from the truth whatever that is.

dont write yourself into everything i told myself but it becomes impossiable telling stories of the time nature.

am i at the beginning or end or am i still caught in the loops in the middle . well atleast i have three points of refrence i can untangle this .
 

really this is my exploration into interpreters so this will walk up to the edge of what is active. words words words. almost meaningless.

there are pra

ctical considerations

dont let this defeat you this is the story that writes its self.
shh

ok so where does the story begin who is the hero?

who are the vilins?
the enemy and the resource and the weapon is time
but also i cant do this i am not creative enough or smart enough im a fakesr im a looser fuck my life go fuck your self ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

ok got that out of my system


the main character [Place Holder] god just brainstorm something dont just go blank 

writers block sux